== GeoReplay

[This was a toy project done for the purpose of exploring Javascript, Google Maps API, Bootstrap, Ruby On Rails,
Git, Chef, and AWS. I've since put it on a shelf to focus on other projects, but could come back to it at some point.
The Javascript/Google Maps part is pretty much done, but the ROR part is still rough, though basically functional.]

GeoReplay allows the user to enter one or more paths in Google Maps with annotations at each node,
and then push a "play" button to watch icons trace the path(s). I thought it might be interesting to
create historic 'simulations' that gave a more visceral feeling about the geography and time. Planned topics
included:

* Pony Express vs Transcontinental Railroad -- They followed similar paths around the same period. This is the one that got finished. It's part of the "test" directory.
* Presidential travels of George Washington vs travels of some modern day President -- Washington never left the US, but did make tours of the NE and South. It was a major investment at the time. Might interesting to see his 8 years of travels concurrent with a recent president.
* Battle lines -- find an interesting battle of the Revolution or Civil War and trace it out in time and geography

The system was designed to be a multi-user web site with people being able to create 'replays' privately
and then share them publically. Was going to explore the whole social-thing with forums and _likes_.

== Design

Libraries used: bootstrap, elabels3, Devise

The two main GeoReplay javascript applications in lib/assets/javascripts were
written in flat HTML before being integrated into Rails, so they aren't done in the "Rails Way".

Replay
* index --> shows all public replays
* show --> uses replay.js to display the chosen replay
* new --> calls edit
* edit --> brings in the "replay_edit" javascript
* create --> called by edit to create an entry for the first time
* update --> called by edit to update an entry
* delete

Schema - only two objects completed
* replay
* user --> set up by the Devise user management GEM

Tables still on the drawing board: Tags, Markers, Styles, Metrics


== GeoReplay JSON Format

A sample JSON file that feeds replay.js and replay_edit.js

  var appData = {
  "appName":"Pony Express vs Transcontinenal Railroad",
  "appDescription":"Compares the paths of the Pony Express (1860) and the Transcontinental Railroad (1869)",
  "author":"bretg",
  "tags":"history, united states, 1800's",
  "sources":"wikipedia",
  "mapCenter":{"lat":39.5,"lng":-98.35},
  "mapZoom":4,
  "mapType":"roadmap",
  "mapStyle":"normal",
  "defaultLabelStyle":"labelStyle3",
  "animLength":30,
  "animSmoothness":20,
  "labelStyles": [ {"name":"labelStyle1", "value":"border: 1px solid black; margin-top: 2px; background: #FFFF00; padding: 2px; font-size: 75%; font-weight:bold; white-space:nowrap;"} ,
                   {"name":"labelStyle2", "value":"border: 1px solid black; margin-top: 2px; background: #99FF66; padding: 2px; font-size: 75%; font-weight:bold; white-space:nowrap;"},
		   {"name":"labelStyle3", "value":"border: 1px solid black; margin-top: 2px; background: #00FFFF; padding: 2px; font-size: 75%; font-weight:bold; white-space:nowrap;"},
		   {"name":"labelStyle4", "value":"border: 1px solid black; margin-top: 2px; background: #FF9933; padding: 2px; font-size: 75%; font-weight:bold; white-space:nowrap;"},
		   {"name":"labelStyle5", "value":"border: 1px solid black; margin-top: 2px; background: #FF8181; padding: 2px; font-size: 75%; font-weight:bold; white-space:nowrap;"},
		   {"name":"labelStyle6", "value":"border: 1px solid black; margin-top: 2px; background: #E0E0EB; padding: 2px; font-size: 75%; font-weight:bold; white-space:nowrap;"}
                 ],
  "paths":[
   {"pathName":"Line 0","animSymbol":"arrow",
    "pathColor":"#000000","pathWidth":"2","defaultTextOffsetX":"10",
    "defaultTextOffsetY":"-20","defaultMarkerImage":"markers/marker.png",
    "points":[{"lat":"39.76633","lng":"-94.84497","text":"","time":"1","details":"St. Joseph, MO"},
              {"lat":"39.82541","lng":"-97.62451","text":"","time":"11","details":"Marysville, KS"},
              {"lat":"40.69730","lng":"-99.11865","text":"","time":"21","details":"Fort Kearny, NE"},
              {"lat":"40.89691","lng":"-100.08545","text":"","time":"25","details":"Gothenburg, NE"},
              {"lat":"42.16340","lng":"-104.54315","text":"","time":"40","details":"Fort Laramie, WY"},
              {"lat":"42.86993","lng":"-106.32980","text":"","time":"50","details":"Fort Caspar, WY"},
              {"lat":"41.32733","lng":"-110.38239","text":"","time":"65","details":"Fort Bridger, WY"},
              {"lat":"40.79510","lng":"-111.89232","text":"","time":"75","details":"Salt Lake City, UT"},
              {"lat":"39.17372","lng":"-119.76093","text":"","time":"100","details":"Carson City, NV"},
              {"lat":"38.58950","lng":"-121.48699","text":"","time":"110","details":"Sacremento, CA"},
              {"lat":"37.77506","lng":"-122.42203","text":"","time":"115","details":"San Francisco, CA"}]},
  {"pathName":"Transcontinenal Railroad","animSymbol":"arrow",
  "pathColor":"#000000","pathWidth":"2","defaultTextOffsetX":"10","defaultTextOffsetY":"-20",
  "defaultMarkerImage":"markers/marker_white.png",
  "points":[{"lat":"41.25923","lng":"-95.87494","text":"","time":"1","details":"Council Bluffs, IA"},
          {"lat":"41.45199","lng":"-96.49567","text":"","time":"5","details":"Fremont, NE"},
          {"lat":"41.45971","lng":"-97.37869","text":"","time":"10","details":"Columbus, NE"},
          {"lat":"40.72046","lng":"-99.10423","text":"","time":"15","details":"Kearny, NE"},
          {"lat":"41.14570","lng":"-100.75527","text":"","time":"20","details":"North Platte, NE"},
          {"lat":"41.16321","lng":"-104.82588","text":"","time":"25","details":"Cheyenne, WY"},
          {"lat":"41.34128","lng":"-105.59226","text":"","time":"30","details":"Laramie, WY"},
          {"lat":"41.81203","lng":"-107.23888","text":"","time":"35","details":"Rawlins, WY"},
          {"lat":"41.28904","lng":"-110.98181","text":"","time":"40","details":"Evanston, WY"},
          {"lat":"41.20805","lng":"-111.96612","text":"","time":"45","details":"Ogden, UT"},
          {"lat":"41.49543","lng":"-112.02981","text":"","time":"50","details":"Brigham, UT"},
          {"lat":"41.59348","lng":"-112.53407","text":"","time":"54","details":"Promontory Summit, UT"},
          {"lat":"40.83907","lng":"-115.78272","text":"","time":"58","details":"Elko, NV"},
          {"lat":"41.04948","lng":"-117.70917","text":"","time":"62","details":"Winnemucca, NV"},
          {"lat":"39.52902","lng":"-119.79025","text":"","time":"66","details":"Reno, NV"},
          {"lat":"39.33407","lng":"-120.17986","text":"","time":"70","details":"Truckee, CA"},
          {"lat":"38.61461","lng":"-121.50625","text":"","time":"75","details":"Sacremento, CA"},
          {"lat":"37.78808","lng":"-122.44263","text":"","time":"80","details":"San Francisco, CA"}]};
          
